# Shipping Policy

India Ultimate, operating the website "The Hub," affirms that no physical
products or goods are shipped with any purchase made on the platform. All
transactions conducted on The Hub pertain exclusively to memberships and
tournament registrations. As such, there are no shipping charges applicable,
and no physical items shall be dispatched or received in association with the
membership or tournament registration process.

Players are encouraged to review their selections thoroughly before completing
any transaction on The Hub. By accessing and utilizing The Hub, players
acknowledge and understand this policy, thereby waiving any claim related to
shipping.

# Return Policy

India Ultimate, operating the website "The Hub," affirms that no physical
products or goods are shipped with any purchase made on the platform. Since no
physical products are shipped or received in association with the membership or
tournament registration process, no returns are applicable.

Players are urged to review their selections meticulously before finalizing any
transaction on The Hub. In exceptional cases where an error has occurred during
the payment process, players are requested to promptly contact the Operations
team using the Help chat on the website or via an email to
[operations+hub@indiaultimate.org](mailto:operations+hub@indiaultimate.org)
within 48 hours for resolution. The Operations team will assess and determine
the eligibility of such requests. Decisions made by the Operations team in this
regard shall be final and binding.

# Refund Policy

India Ultimate, the organization behind the website "The Hub," values the satisfaction and trust of its players. While all transactions made through The Hub, including membership fees and tournament registrations, are generally non-refundable, the organization recognizes the existence of exceptional circumstances. Refunds may be considered in rare cases, solely at the discretion of the Operations team.

Players seeking a refund must initiate the process by sending a detailed email
outlining the circumstances to the Operations team at
[operations@indiaultimate.org](mailto:operations@indiaultimate.org). The email
should include relevant transaction details and a clear explanation of the
situation that warrants a refund request. The Operations team will thoroughly
review each case and, if found valid, may approve the refund request.

Please note that the decision to grant a refund in exceptional cases rests
solely with the Operations team. Players are encouraged to carefully review
their selections before completing any transaction on The Hub. Refunds, if
processed, will be handled in a timely manner.

India Ultimate reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at its
discretion without prior notice.
